Release updates mc RELEASE.2022-11-07T23-47-39Z (#640)
minio/docs: source/operations/concepts.rst

- The :ref:`MinIO Console <minio-console>` graphical user interface for individual instances
- In Kubernetes, with the :ref:`MinIO Operator Console <minio-operator-console>`

.. _minio-rebalance:

How do I manage object distribution across a MinIO deployment?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> MinIO optimizes storage of objects across available pools by writing new objects to the server pool with the most free space compared total amount of free space on all available server pools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MinIO optimizes storage of objects across available pools by writing new objects (objects with no existing versions) to the server pool with the most free space compared total amount of free space on all available server pools.
```

Author: 👍

MinIO does not perform the costly action of rebalancing objects from older pools to newer pools.

> Instead, new writes default to the new pool as it has the most free space compared to the other pools until the new pool reaches a similar level of contents compared to the other pools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, new objects typically route to the new pool as it has the most free space. As that pool fills, new write operations eventually balance out across all pools in the deployment.
```

Author: 👍
